What are you old enough to do?
Not counting the president, it was Master Wan who taught him.
I'm done. What about people of today’s age?
It was really speechless.
It's true, I don't know how high the sky is.
Yes, please come up. Is this guy really Master Wan?
That's not an ordinary person, you don't believe it.
I can still pull it off, what should I do?
No, I, I'm kidding,
Wan, Wan, Wan Shao, I am the master of the collector,
North Korea, I hope in the future,
We have a happy cooperation. Mr. Cao
I'm afraid I'm not that face-conscious
Continue to cooperate with you at a low price
Oops, I'm missing your money.
It's all my fault
I really don't know
You are Wan Shao
He's mine
It’s not even good at Wenhe
Come up with me Wan Shao
I was wrong
I'm a dog, I see people looking down on me and forgive me
Spare us the price
You and the unfilial fox
It's all you
I'm offended
You, you, you deserve to die